NAME
       ocamlformat-rpc - RPC mode for OCamlFormat, a tool to format OCaml
       code.

SYNOPSIS
       ocamlformat-rpc [OPTION]... 

DESCRIPTION
       ocamlformat-rpc listens to RPC requests, provided on the standard
       input, and prints the response on the standard output.

COMMANDS
       Before the client and the server agree on a common version to use the
       following commands are available: Halt to close the connection to the
       RPC; Version v to ask the server to use version v. If the server
       agrees upon the version he will send the reply Version v and the
       protocol version is set to v, to use another version later the client
       has to close the connexion and start a new one. If the server cannot
       use version v he might propose another version w by sending the reply
       Version w that the client can accept by sending the same request for
       version w, or propose another version. If the server cannot propose
       another version it will close the connection. Unknown commands are
       ignored.

       Once the client and the server agree on a common version, the requests
       you can send may differ from one version to another.

       On version v1, the supported RPC commands are:

       - Halt to close the connection to the RPC

       - Config CSEXP: submits a list of (key, value) pairs (as a canonical
       s-expression) to update OCamlFormat's configuration (please refer to
       ocamlformat --help to know more about the available options). The
       accepted configuration is sent as a reply of the same form. The
       configuration can be reset to its default value by sending the pair
       ("profile", "default").

       - Format CSEXP: submits a canonical s-expression CSEXP to be formatted
       by OCamlFormat, the formatted output is sent as a reply of the same
       form Format CSEXP

       Unknown commands are ignored.

OPTIONS
       --help[=FMT] (default=auto)
           Show this help in format FMT. The value FMT must be one of `auto',
           `pager', `groff' or `plain'. With `auto', the format is `pager` or
           `plain' whenever the TERM env var is `dumb' or undefined.

       --version
           Show version information.

